CNV- 24272: Live migration improvements (#64579)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/install/preparing-cluster-for-virt.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> In {product-title} clusters installed using installer-provisioned infrastructure and with MachineHealthCheck properly configured, if a node fails the MachineHealthCheck and becomes unavailable to the cluster, it is recycled. What happens next with VMs that ran on the failed node depends on a series of conditions. See xref:../../virt/nodes/virt-about-node-maintenance.adoc#run-strategies[About RunStrategies for virtual machines] for more detailed information about the potential outcomes and how RunStrategies affect those outcomes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} clusters installed using installer-provisioned infrastructure and with a properly configured `MachineHealthCheck` resource, if a node fails the machine health check and becomes unavailable to the cluster, it is recycled. What happens next with VMs that ran on the failed node depends on a series of conditions. See xref:../../virt/nodes/virt-about-node-maintenance.adoc#run-strategies[About run strategies for virtual machines] for more detailed information about the potential outcomes and how run strategies affect those outcomes.
```
